Add IBM Cloud Databases list and backups list fetchers (#44)
ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum: arboretum/ibm_cloud_databases/README.md

# IBM Cloud Databases library

The fetchers and checks contained within this `ibm_cloud_databases` category folder are
common tests that can be configured and executed for the purpose of generating
compliance reports and notifications using the [auditree-framework][].  They

> validate the configuration and ensure smooth execution of an auditree instance.

Reviewer: Remove this sentence: `They validate the configuration and ensure smooth execution of an auditree instance.`

See [auditree-framework documentation][] for more details.

These tests are normally executed by a CI/CD system like
[Travis CI](https://travis-ci.com/) as part of another project that uses this
library package as a dependency.

## Usage as a library

See [usage][] for specifics on including this library as a dependency and how
to include the fetchers and checks from this library in your downstream project.

## Fetchers

### IBM Cloud Databases List

* Class: [DatabasesFetcher][fetch-databases]
* Purpose: Store list of account-specific IBM Cloud databases to the evidence locker.

> * Behavior: Access [IBM Cloud API][ibm-cloud-api] details of the databases as a JSON. TTL for evidence is set to 1 day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Behavior: Retrieve details about account specific IBM Cloud Databases. TTL for evidence is set to 1 day.
```

* Configuration elements:
  * `org.icd.list.accounts`
    * Required

>     * List of objects representing the IBL Cloud accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * List of dictionaries representing the IBM Cloud accounts
```

>     * Each object must have the following fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Each dictionary must have the following fields
```

>       * `account_name` - an arbitrary name identifying the IBM Cloud account, used to match to the token provided in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `account_name` - an arbitrary name as a string identifying the IBM Cloud account, used to match to the token provided in the
```

      credentials file in order for the fetcher to retrieve content from IBM Cloud for that account.

>       * `resource_group_id` - the resource group associated with the above account name, output of [running the ibmcloud resource groups command][ic-resource-groups] while logged in to an IBM Cloud account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `resource_group_id` - the resource group as a string associated with the above account name, output of [running the ibmcloud resource groups command][ic-resource-groups] while logged in to an IBM Cloud account.
```

>       * `resource_group_id` - the resource group associated with the above account name, output of [running the ibmcloud resource groups command][ic-resource-groups] while logged in to an IBM Cloud account.
>         ```
>         $ ibmcloud resource groups
>         Retrieving all resource groups under account fedcba1234567890abcdef0123456789 as dummy.user@ibm.com...
>         OK
>         Name      ID                                 Default Group   State
>         default   bcdef0123456789fedcba1234567890a   true            ACTIVE
>         ```

Reviewer: I'd remove the example and simplify the bullet content.  You already provide the link to the command.

```suggestion
      * `resource_group_id` - the resource group associated with the account.
         * To obtain the resource group execute the [IBM Cloud resource groups command][ic-resource-groups].
```

* Example (required) configuration:

  ```json
  {
    "org": {
      "icd": {
        "list": {
          "accounts": [
            {
              "account_name": "prod_1234567",

>               "resource_group_id": [
>                                         "bcdef0123456789fedcba1234567890a",
>                                         ...
>                                    ]

Reviewer: This isn't valid JSON and renders as such in GH.  This example also has resource_group_id as a list of strings whereas the description of it is that it should be a string.  Assuming string...

```suggestion
              "resource_group_id": "bcdef0123456789fedcba1234567890a"
```

            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ```

  The legacy config format where each account has a single resource_group_id is also supported

  ```json
  {
    "org": {
      "icd": {
        "list": {
          "accounts": [
            {
              "account_name": "prod_1234567",
              "resource_group_id": "bcdef0123456789fedcba1234567890a"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }

>   ```

Reviewer: OK now it seems like you're introducing new functionality here?  If you're looking to support this new functionality and deprecate the old one where you have a single resource group as a string that's fine but you don't need to include the "backward compatibility" version in the docs.
